Job 1:

About the job
Back

Software Engineer

JOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTML

CAROUSEL_PARAGRAPH

JOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTML

British Columbia, Canada
Engineering
Experienced Professional
Individual Contributor
Yes
4181

mail_outline

Get future jobs matching this search

or

Job Description

About GitHub

As the global home for all developers, GitHub is the complete AI-powered developer platform to build, scale, and deliver secure software. Over 150+ million developers, including more than 90% of the Fortune 100 companies, use GitHub to collaborate and experiment across 420+ million repositories. repositories. With all the collaborative features of GitHub, it has never been easier for individuals and teams to write faster, better code.

Locations

In this role you can work from Remote, British Columbia Canada

Overview

As a software engineer at GitHub, you will enhance the collaboration experience at GitHub by working closely with a community of engineers and designers with a distributed, diverse and passionate team delivering the services that millions of developers depend on. In this role you will design, prototype, implement, ship and support highly performant and inspiring user experiences with your team.

We are looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers, people who care about culture as well as customers and features. We believe that how we do things is as important as what we do. Big vision, a common purpose, passion for quality, curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are what lead to great results. Great products reflect the teams that build them.

Responsibilities

Design, develop, test and ship high-quality technical solutions that scale across multiple GitHub services.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and implement innovative solutions.
Provide technical leadership, mentorship, pairing opportunities, and code reviews to encourage the growth of others.
Own and advocate for the health and quality of the systems that the team builds, including participating in on-call and first responder rotations
Write architecture briefs and proposals, carry out code experiments, and build prototypes to learn how we can achieve planetary scale with our systems.
Design and implement APIs to facilitate seamless integration between software components.
Utilize CI/CD tools to set up automated pipelines for continuous integration and delivery.
Become intimately familiar with the systems you build and take pride in writing maintainable code.

Qualifications

Required Qualifications

2+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python
OR Associate’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 1+ year(s) experience
OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
OR equivalent experience.
Preferred Qualifications

Experience with Git and GitHub
Experience using Azure technologies is a bonus
Experience using front-end frameworks like React.js
Understanding of REST principles and experience with backend APIs
Strong written and verbal communication skill
Experience in developing and deploying machine learning models or AI-driven applications in production environments.
Proficiency with machine learning frameworks and tools such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, or similar.
Strong understanding of data science principles, including data preprocessing, feature engineering, model evaluation, and optimization techniques.

GitHub values

Customer-obsessed
Ship to learn
Growth mindset
Own the outcome
Better together
Diverse and inclusive

Manager fundamentals

Model
Coach
Care

Leadership principles

Create clarity
Generate energy
Deliver success

Who We Are

GitHub is the world’s leading AI-powered developer platform with 150 million developers and counting. We’re also home to the biggest open-source community on earth (and 99% of the world’s software has open-source code in its DNA). Many of the apps and programs you use every day are built on GitHub.

Our teams are dreamers, doers, and pioneers, leading the way in AI, driving humanitarian efforts around the globe, and even sending open source to Mars (and beyond!). At GitHub, our goal is to create the space you need to do your best work. We’re remote-first and offer competitive pay, generous learning and growth opportunities, and excellent benefits to support you, wherever you are—because we know that people flourish when they can work on their own terms.

Join us, and let’s change the world, together.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!

Apply

JOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTML

CAROUSEL_PARAGRAPH

JOB_DESCRIPTION.SHARE.HTML



Job 2:
